
1. COMPILATION
======================================================================

In order to compile or create the distribution of this module, you need
to have a full checkout of the jsbml trunk. Then, you need to compile
the jsbml-core if you haven't done it before as it is not done 
automatically for now.

You have to go into ../../core and run 'ant jar'.

Then to compile jsbml-tidy:

ant jar

To create the distribution:

ant dist


2. REPORTING BUGS AND OTHER PROBLEMS
======================================================================

We invite you to report bugs and other problems using the issue
tracker for JSBML on SourceForge.  The following URL will take you
there directly:

  http://sourceforge.net/p/jsbml/bugs/

You can also ask questions on the 'jsbml-development' and
'sbml-interoperability' mailing lists, either over email or using the
web forum interface (see below).  This may even have advantages, such
as that other people may also have experienced the issue and offer a
workaround more quickly than the JSBML developers can respond.

Finally, if you cannot get a timely response from the resources above,
you may contact the main JSBML developers directly by sending email to
'jsbml-team@caltech.edu'.


3. MAILING LISTS
======================================================================

There are two kinds of mailing lists available: normal discussion
lists for humans, and a SVN change notification list.

Discussion lists
----------------

All discussion lists, their web interfaces and their RSS feeds are at

                       http://sbml.org/Forums/

If you use SBML, we urge you to sign up for sbml-announce, the SBML
announcements mailing list.  It is a low-volume, broadcast-only list.

If you use JSBML, we also encourage you to subscribe to or monitor via
RSS the 'jsbml-development' list, where people discuss the development
and use of JSBML.  Being a member of libsbml-development will enable
you to keep in touch with the latest developments in JSBML as well as
to ask questions and share your experiences with fellow developers and
users of JSBML.

We also encourage you to subscribe to or monitor via RSS the
'sbml-interoperability' list, where people discuss the development,
use, and interoperability of software that supports SBML, including
JSBML.



4. LICENSING AND DISTRIBUTION
======================================================================

JSBML uses third-party software libraries; these software libraries
have their own copyright statements and distribution terms.  Please
see the file LICENSE.txt for more information.

Licensing and Distribution Terms for JSBML:

Copyright (C) 2009-2022 jointly by the following organizations:
 1. The University of Tuebingen, Germany
 2. EMBL European Bioinformatics Institute (EMBL-EBI), Hinxton, UK
 3. The California Institute of Technology, Pasadena, CA, USA
 4. The University of California, San Diego, La Jolla, CA, USA
 5. The Babraham Institute, Cambridge, UK

JSBML is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by the
Free Software Foundation; either version 2.1 of the License, or any
later version.

This software is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, WITHOUT EVEN THE IMPLIED WARRANTY OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  The software and
documentation provided hereunder is on an "as is" basis, and the
copyright holders have no obligations to provide maintenance, support,
updates, enhancements or modifications.  In no event shall the
copyright holders be liable to any party for direct, indirect,
special, incidental or consequential damages, including lost profits,
arising out of the use of this software and its documentation, even if
the copyright holders have been advised of the possibility of such
damage.  See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General
Public License along with this library in the file named
"COPYING.txt" included with the software distribution.  A copy
is also available online at the Internet address
http://sbml.org/Software/JSBML/licenses/COPYING.html for your
convenience.  You may also write to obtain a copy from the Free
Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston,
MA 02111-1307 USA.


5. ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
======================================================================

The authors gratefully acknowledge the funding and support of the
following agencies who helped make JSBML possible:

* The National Institute of General Medical Sciences (USA) via grant
  number R01 GM070923, 

* The EMBL European Bioinformatics Institute (Germany and UK), and

* The Federal Ministry of Education and Research (BMBF, Germany) via
  grant numbers 0315756 and 0315384C for the Virtual Liver and
  Spher4Sys projects.

